doc: New section in device management (#35124)
ceph/ceph: doc/rados/operations/devices.rst

  ceph device info <devid>

Identifying physical devices
----------------------------

> You can blink lights on hardware enclosures to make the replacement of failed
> disks easy and less error-prone.  Use the following command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can blink the drive LEDs on hardware enclosures to identify the failed disk drive prior to replacement. Use the following command::
```

@zdover23 what do you think?

Author: changed

  device light on|off <devid> [ident|fault] [--force]

The <devid> parameter is the device identification, and you can obtain this
information using the command::

  ceph device ls

> The second parameter sets the kind of light to blink.  By default the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter of ``device light on|off`` command sets the kind of light to blink.  By default the
```

as otherwise, reader (me, for instance) might want to search backwards for the command and the "second parameter". and the first match would be "ceph device ls".

Author: Changed. @tchaikov,  what do you think now?

  ceph device info <devid>

Identifying physical devices
----------------------------

You can blink the drive LEDs on hardware enclosures to make the replacement of
failed disks easy and less error-prone.  Use the following command::

  device light on|off <devid> [ident|fault] [--force]

> The <devid> parameter is the device identification, and you can obtain this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``<devid>`` parameter is the device identification, and you can obtain this
```

Author: thx! done.

> The ``<devid>`` parameter is the device identification, and you can obtain this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``<devid>`` parameter is the device identification. You can obtain this

Author: thx!. Changed

> information using the command::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
information using the following command::

Author: thx!. Changed

  ceph device ls

> The [ident|fault] parameter is used to set the kind of light to blink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``[ident|fault]`` parameter is used to set the kind of light to blink.
```

Author: thx!. done

> By default the "identification" light is used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the `identification` light is used.

Author: thx!. Changed

.. note::
   This command needs the Cephadm or the Rook `orchestrator <https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/mgr/orchestrator/#orchestrator-cli-module>`_ module enabled.

>    The orchestrator module enabled is shown using::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The orchestrator module enabled is shown by executing the following command::

Author: thx!. Changed
